.\" wsync.8
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2011-2014 Rafael Warnault
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, and the entire permission notice in its entirety,
.\"    including the disclaimer of warranties.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
.\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
.\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL
.\" MARCUS D. WATTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
.\" INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
.\" BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS
.\" OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
.\" ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR
.\" TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE
.\" USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.Dd March 31, 2014
.Dt WSYNC 8
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm wsync
.Nd Wired Sync
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm wsync
.Op Fl RDllhtuv
.Op Fl i Ar url
.Op Fl o Ar path
.Op Fl I Ar interval
.Op Fl f Ar config
.Op Fl L Ar log_file
.Op Fl s Ar syslog_facility
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm wsync
is a files synchronization program for the Wired 2.0 protocol. It provides automatic files synchronization from several remote Wired server directories to local directories. 
.Pp
The options are as follows:
.Pp
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl i Ar url
The wired URL of the remote directory to synchronize.
.It Fl o Ar path
The local path of the destination directory.
.It Fl I Ar interval
The time interval between two synchronizations. If no time interval is defined, the synchronization will operate only once. 
.It Fl R
Synchronize files recursively.
.It Fl D
Run 
.Nm wsync
as a daemon. It will use the configuration file 
. Pa wsync.conf 
to read synchronization commands and arguments. See 
.Xr wsync.conf 5
for more details about 
.Nm wsync
configuration file. 
.It Fl f Ar config
Sets the path of the configuration file.
The default is
.Pa ~/.wsync/wsync.conf .
.It Fl h
Displays a brief help message and exits.
.It Fl n Ar log_lines
When logging to a file using
.Fl L ,
limit the number of lines the log may occupy to
.Ar log_lines .
.It Fl L Ar log_file
Sets the path of the file that
.Nm wired
will log to. If it is not set,
.Nm wired
will instead log via
.Xr syslog 3 .
.It Fl l
Increases the log level. By default,
.Nm wired
will log everything but debug messages. Use this flag once to also log debug messages.
.It Fl s Ar syslog_facility
Sets the
.Xr syslog 3
facility to use for logging. See
for information on possible values. The default is
.Va daemon .
.It Fl v
Displays version information and exits.
.El
.Sh CONFIGURATION FILE
.Nm wired
reads configuration data from
.Va config_file .
The file format and configuration options are described in
.Xr wsync.conf 5 .
.Sh FILES
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Pa .wsync/wsync.conf
A configuration file for
.Nm wsync .
Its file format is described in
.Xr wsync.conf 5 .
.It Pa .wsync/wsync.pid
A file that contains the 
.Nm wsync
process identifier when running in daemon mode. It could be usefull for killing the program from the outside.
.Pp
Example: kill `cat .wsync/wsync.pid`
.Pp
.Sh AUTHORS
.Nm wsync
was created by Rafael Warnault, Read-Write.fr <dev@read-write.fr>
.Pp
The
.Nm Wired protocol
was created by Axel Andersson, Zanka Software and is currently maintaned 
by Rafael Warnault, Read-Write.fr <dev@read-write.fr>
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr wsync.conf 5
