.\" wired.conf.5
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2011-2014 Rafaël Warnault
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, and the entire permission notice in its entirety,
.\"    including the disclaimer of warranties.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
.\" INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
.\" AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL
.\" MARCUS D. WATTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
.\" INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
.\" BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS
.\" OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
.\" ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR
.\" TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE
.\" USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.Dd March 31, 2014
.Dt WSYNC.CONF 5
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm wsync.conf
.Nd
.Xr wired 8
configuration file
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm wsync.conf
is the
.Xr wsync 8
configuration file. It consists of keywords and arguments in a
.Sq key = value
format, separated by newlines. Lines starting with
.Sq #
are ignored.
.Pp
Paths and URLs can contain whitespaces if thay are surrounded by
.Sq \*q
or
.Sq ' .  
URLs can contain special encoded characters following the 
.Nm RCF-1738 .
.Pp
The possible keywords and their meanings are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width
.It Va sync
A list of 
.Nm wsync
commands that wsync will use as arguments to run in daemon mode. See
.Xr wsync 8 for details about 
.Nm wsync
commands and arguments.
.Pp
Example: 
.Pp
	sync = -i wiredp7://admin:admin@localhost/Uploads -o /Users/nark/Uploads -I 30 -R
.It Va group
Name or id of the group that
.Xr wsync 8
should operate as when running in daemon mode.
.Pp
Example: group = daemon
.It Va user
Name or id of the user that
.Xr wsync 8
should operate as when running in daemon mode.
.Pp
Example: user = wired
.El
.Sh AUTHORS
.Nm wsync
was created by Rafael Warnault, Read-Write.fr <dev@read-write.fr>
.Pp
The
.Nm Wired protocol
was created by Axel Andersson, Zanka Software and is currently maintaned 
by Rafael Warnault, Read-Write.fr <dev@read-write.fr>
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr wsync 8
